Thank you!
Encore, encore, encore!
- Encore, encore, encore!
- I love you, Naya!
Thank you.
A MUSICIAN AND A SONGWRITER.
PERFECTIONIST, BLUNT, AND ANTI-DRAMA.
Sweetheart.
What is this?
For your performance
earlier. You killed it.
Oh, dear. Your eyes look weird.
What did you do?
- What are you talking about?
- Miss... Thank you.
Thank you.
Bring it to her room.
I told you I quit.
Where's Lola?
Your little sister?
Of course! How many Lola we have in our
team?
How could you ask something like that?
Nay, the audience asks for an encore.
Ask Thomas to sing. I won't do it.
The contract only states
that I sing several songs. So, no.
Encore, encore, encore!
Sir, where's Naya? What should we do?
- Sir, I talked to Naya.
- Yes?
She won't sing another song.
The contract only requires
her to sing five songs.
Nay.
Babe.
Babe? I'm not your babe.
Nay, there's someone here.
Meet...
Uncle Joni.
Yes, I know.
Joni Halmalisa?
- Right.
- Yes.
A LEGENDARY MUSICIAN.
FOUNDER OF THE BATAVIA MELODIES.
A member of The Batavia Melodies...
...from 1976 to 1982.
It's 1984.
But thank you for still remembering me
and liking my songs.
It's my mom who actually liked you.
- Please, take a seat.
- Okay.
What do you want?
We have snacks, tea...
- Water is good.
- Water, Thomas.
So, Nay,
Uncle Joni wants to make a
comeback to the music industry.
To pay for the electricity bill back home.
Nay, I have an idea.
- Come here, Uncle. Sorry.
- Yeah, okay.
I want to combine an old legend...
...and a future legend.
Joni and Naya.
Here's the thing, Nay.
We're going to remake
my song called "Your Way".
I will try to make a new
modern arrangement for it.
Come with me, Uncle.
You played it in the key of E, right?
The original was in the key of C, right?
That's right, Naya.
I raise the key on purpose
to match your vocal range.
Personally, I have no problem with that.
But does it match your vocal range?
Now, that's it!
This beautiful song was written
by the living legend, Joni Halmalisa.
Carry on.
You two can see it yourselves.
I can sing any song, better than anyone.
I don't need anyone. Do you understand?
Do you understand that too?
What did you do? Idiot.
Honestly, I'm fed up with Thomas.
I think he's still using drugs.
You should arrange the meeting
with Mr. Indra immediately.
It should've been done a long time ago.
Mr. Indra is a greater
producer than Thomas.
So, make it happen, then.
- Naya.
- Looks like really hard.
I have important news.
Where have you been?
NAYA'S LITTLE SISTER AND ASSISTANT.
SPONTANEOUS, CLUMSY, ANIMAL LOVER.
I have important news.
What?
It's important.
Is there something more
important than your work here?
What are you doing now?
If I say something, don't get mad.
Promise me you won't get mad.
I won't! Move!
Move.
Dad?
Naya, Dad is ill.
Are you ill?
You must need money.
I'm shocked to see you here.
So, you come here because
you need money, right?
Wait here for a while,
Dad. La, come with me.
- What?
- Take him to the ATM.
After that,
- give him money to go home. Here.
- ATM?
- Why?
- He needs money.
- He's ill. He's...
- Take this.
- He's...
- Don't be selfish.
His wife should be the one
who takes care of him. Got it?
Okay?
Come on, Dad.
Keep healthy, Dad.
Don't forget to eat. Sleep well.
Hey!
That's my car!
He remembers his car.
Yes, this is the one
you left for us to keep.
I haven't got the chance to thank you.
Because you left in a hurry.
Naya...
Okay, then. I'm going back in.
- I have another job.
- Wait...
- Take care of your health.
- What job?
- Take him.
- Naya...
Naya!
Dad, wait here for a minute, okay?
Naya.
Do you hear me?
Dad was dumped by his wife.
Dumped?
Dad was dumped?
His wife dropped him at a nursing home.
Here.
She sent this letter.
She said she couldn't
take care of him anymore.
This is a lesson for you, little sister.
When you choose a life partner,
what should you do?
You should be careful.
Naya.
Nay?
Nay, what's wrong?
What do you need?
I just need to be alone.
Sorry about Uncle Joni.
I was just trying to do my best.
For your sake, too.
Drink this.
To avoid dehydration.
I need to leave.
Your mom and I have too much difference.
Dad!
Don't leave me!
Help!
Oh, dear! Zul!
- What did you do to Zul? Hey!
- Nothing.
- What did you do to Zul?
- Zul is dead, Naya!
- I did nothing, Thomas!
I was down there, asleep! I didn't know!
- I'm innocent.
- Your clothes are covered in blood!
Why can't I remember anything?
Naya? What happened?
I don't know!
- Naya, what happened?
- I don't know!
I can't remember anything.
Calm down.
- Do you remember what happened?
- No.
No, I don't.
Naya, you must've done something.
Who else was here, Lola?
Why are you slandering her like that?
- Please, Lola.
- What to remember?
- Try remember...
- She said it wasn't her doing!
Zul is dead!
How can she not
remember that Zul died here?
It's not my doing, Thomas.
- Try to remember.
- I can't.
- Naya, no!
- No! I can't!
- Where are you going?
- I can't be here, Thomas.
- I can't be here.
- No. Let's call the police first.
No! You're going to
report me to the police?
Are you crazy? You
earn your living from me!
- Everyone, calm down!
- It's a freaking crime scene!
Everyone, calm down! Can you do that?
No!
- I can't be here.
- Naya.
- Naya!
- No!
No!
No, I can't.
Don't... Naya!
Naya!
Naya, wait.
Listen to me first! Naya!
- Naya.
- Move, Dad.
- Let Lola drive.
- Okay.
Lola, why is Dad here?
You told me to give back the ATM first,
then take him home.
Get in, hurry. I don't want to be here.
I want to leave. Hurry!
Where do we go?
- Just away from here. Can we just go?
- Okay, okay.
Come on. Let's go home.
Your mom is waiting.
Mom? What is he talking about?
Whose blood is that?
The person who was
stabbed early this evening?
- Huh?
- Wait. Dad.
- The person who was stabbed early this evening?
- Did you see it?
Was the person tall? How did they look?
How did they look? The stabber
and the one who was stabbed?
- How did the person look like?
- Please, Dad.
If you know anything, tell me, please.
- Mr. Thomas.
- Sir!
Enough. Enough for today.
And I want to advise Naya...
Please, come home.
And to all Indonesian people...
...if you know Naya's whereabout...
...please report it.
You know, then. Please, tell me.
The clothes, what did the person wear?
Naya, Dad is ill.
What is his illness?
Alzheimer.
Huh?
I will reward ten million rupiah in cash
for the information.
Why didn't you tell me?
I wanted to tell you, but you scolded me.
We need to go to the
pharmacy to get some medicine.
Alzheimer isn't like flu.
But still, there must be some medicine.
Just look for it on Google or something.
Did you really see it?
I have a bad feeling.
Thomas is very suspicious.
To you, everyone is suspicious.
Seriously, I really have
a bad feeling this time.
Why would Thomas say that to the media?
Being an attention-seeker
isn't against the law, you know.
You really saw someone getting stabbed?
Please, Dad, try to remember.
"A familiar environment."
"An Alzheimer's patient's memory
can be improved by a familiar environment."
Dad, where did you live
before the nursing home?
Seriously, he can't even
remember where he lived?
Your ID. Ask for his ID.
Singalaya.
That's...
My beautiful audience!
Why do you answer me? You're not beautiful!
Don't go home just yet...
...because Tata will open herself!
Hey! Somad is here!
Hey, Somad!
Give us some tip money...
...since your wife just
got back from Malaysia.
Hey!
For Tata.
Only 5 thousand?
Don't you have anything less?
Come home!
How could you tip them?
Sir, excuse me.
Yes?
Do you know where Mrs. Lastri lives?
Which one is Mrs. Lastri?
Mrs. Lastri, Mr. Anwar's wife.
- This is Mr. Anwar.
- He's Mr. Anwar.
I have the address. You can look at it.
Oh, this man.
His house... Just go straight,
go pass a dangdut show...
...go straight until you reach the end,
then turn right.
Give a round of applause to Tata!
Make some noise for Tata!
Give her encouragement!
Tata!
Forget the price of rice!
Geez!
Ria Buana!
Where did you learn that?
Hey!
Stop messing around!
Sit!
Calm down.
What are you doing? You can't just do that.
Go on!
She can't do that.
Is this really the house?
According to his ID, this is it.
Melati Street number 20, this is the house.
THIS HOUSE IS FOR SALE
The door is locked.
Why are we here?
I want to go home!
This is your house.
He means our house in Jakarta.
Your poor mother is waiting!
She only pities Mom now.
What about all the time before?
Lola, we have to live here now!
We have to bring back his memories...
...so he can become an eyewitness.
- Living here...
- We can go home afterward.
How do we live here? We can't!
Okay.
Fine if you don't want to live there.
We sleep in the car, then.
Are you kidding me? It's more ridiculous.
Where do we sleep?
You know I'm in a complicated situation.
I only have a small amount of money
in my bank account.
The rest is in Zul's account.
What else should we do?
What are you doing?
We sleep in the car tonight.
We'll find a way tomorrow.
Look at your dad and Tata.
One is smell like fossil.
And the other one is smell of gasoline.
You play the piano for nothing.
- Keyboard.
- No difference there!
No one cares about your music.
Your music only accompany Tata's dance.
How could he prefer
a young, sexy, and beautiful widow...
...than his son
who is a hassle and rarely showers?
Words come out so easily from your mouth.
Did you just eat papaya?
Do you think my mouth is filled with shit?
But you have a point.
People don't appreciate my musicality here.
Should I just quit?
And then I form my own orchestra.
Can I be your gendang player?
What I'm looking for is a singer.
Wan, I also have a dream.
You're not the only
one who wants to strive.
I want to strive, Dhoy.
That's why I don't want you.
It hurts!
Go home! Stop chatting.
Go home! It's late.
Why is Wawan always
blowing up for no reason?
He's just pissed whenever
he sees you with me.
Doesn't he have a girlfriend?
No one likes him.
Even cats turn their backs on him.
Can't you see his body
only consists of shoulders?
Really?
Rio, let's eat together. Stop playing that.
Here, I cook something
special for you, Babeh.
You cook all this, Ta?
Of course!
I don't doubt your cooking.
Even chickens will be wowed by your cooking.
- Eat the veggies.
- Okay.
Hey. Have you brushed your teeth?
If you haven't, when you open your mouth,
flies will be dead.
Do you think my mouth is a toilet?
I'll do it later. To save toothpaste.
I bought the toothpaste!
That's why you should share the tip money.
It's not much, but you hold on to it.
I can't even buy toothpaste.
If you can gather a crowd...
...you don't even have to ask for it,
I will share it with you.
Why me? Gathering the crowd is Tata's job.
What do you mean, Wan?
My job is music.
And your job is to tease men.
Spit my food out. Spit it out!
I'm not pleased! I put in all the effort to
cook, but you're the one who finishes it!
Such a hassle! I'm eating!
- Give it to me!
- No!
I'm eating!
Such a hassle!
I know you always provoke me!
Hey! Do you think I'm easy
just because I'm a widow?
Why do you blame me?
You're the one who put a price on yourself!
See, Babeh?
Calm down. That's just the way he is.
Calm down.
No. Wawan never likes me. What did I do?
You choose.
Choose him or me.
This house is so dramatic!
Babeh!
Choose!
Just choose!
Dhoy?
Hey, there's a 10
thousand rupiah bill here.
You satan spawn!
I've been calling you,
but you didn't come out.
Yet you come out instantly
when you hear there's money here.
What is this?
I got kicked out.
And where are you going to live, Wan?
What do you think I come here for?
You mean we live together here?
No way! The neighbors will be talking.
You said you wanted to join my orchestra.
You can be the gendang player.
- Seriously, Wan?
- Yes.
Can there only be a gendang and a piano
in an orchestra?
Relax.
Look at Rizal Maduma.
They only have a keyboard,
but they're successful!
My target is to perform at Larung Pes.
Larung Pes?
It will be held soon.
Relax. Do you trust me?
No.
Okay, I trust you.
Okay, then. There.
Help me bring in the rest.
Okay? Hurry.
Hurry up!
Excuse me.
Someone there told me
there's a cheap house for rent here?
There is. Mr. Yatno's house.
Peace be upon you.
What place is this?
Sir?
Peace be upon you.
Dad.
KI YATNO'S HOUSE OF MEDICIN. ALTERNATIVE
HEALTH THERAPY FOR A HARMONIOUS HOUSEHOLD.
Sir?
Peace be upon you.
Where is he?
Peace be upon you too.
You startled us!
We have a guest here.
Hi. I'm Yatno.
The owner of the rental house.
- Lola.
Why... Why does she look familiar?
But where do I know her?
- What are you looking for?
- A rental house.
Don't you want to insert a talisman
while you're at it?
I can also do make-up for brides, you know.
I just don't put it on the front.
I CAN MAKE AND EXTEND DRIVER'S LICENSE
AND VEHICLE REGISTRATION.
Can you deepen a well?
Not only I can dig a well,
I also have a custom perfume.
With the scent of musk flower.
Clothes. What kind? I have them all.
- Just look.
- Do you have men's clothes?
I can even prepare the men.
Just pick the type you want.
Let's just see the rental house.
My dad's tired.
- Your dad?
- Yes.
Be careful. Come on,
Sir. Take it easy. Slowly.
- Watch your steps.
- What the...
What a freak.
The murder case involving a talented
24-year old young star, Naya Wardhani...
...is still ongoing.
There's still no official statement
from Naya or her attorney.
But Naya's manager, Thomas, has
promised a reward of 10 million rupiah...
- ...to whoever gives an information of her whereabout.
- Ten million rupiah, Dhoy. That's a lot.
She has a good voice. Too bad.
And this woman's pretty too.
Stop running!
Whose kids are they? So disobedient.
People's kids.
How could it be a monkey's baby.
This one is rented.
This one too.
...have to help each other.
Selling veggies? I hope it sells well.
But is it always this noisy here?
Not really.
Turn it off. Turn the music off.
Like a disassembled keyboard.
So noisy. What's wrong?
My dad is ill.
He can't live in a noisy environment.
What illness? Heart problem?
Alzheimer.
Hey, that's some kind of Angina Pectoris.
He can't be in the cold
and he has to eat on time.
Take care of him.
Peace be upon you!
Now, this is your rental house. Come in.
Come in.
You get the standard fortuners.
- Furniture?
- What? For...
- Furniture.
What are you looking at, Wan?
That's the solution of
our life's problem, Dhoy.
Solution?
- Let's go in. Come on.
- Come on.
Hey, come here!
What do you say, Dad?
Do you like the house?
It's like a drug house.
Dad!
But you have a point.
Why don't we go to your mom's house?
She's waiting for us, you know.
You persuade your sister. Come on!
Persuade her.
Naya cannot leave this area yet.
She can't go to Jakarta yet.
So, be patient, okay?
Why?
Because of those guys who were fighting
and that stabbing?
Do you remember?
- Well...
- Naya!
He's starting to remember again. Hurry up.
What?
I was in the car.
Our car, Nay.
Well, at the parking lot...
...there were two guys,
I think they were fighting.
Fighting?
One guy wore a green jacket.
That's Zul!
- And then?
- The green jacket guy was stabbed.
- Stabbed?
- Yes.
Now, the stabber, what did he look like?
Hang on.
- Oh, dear!
- Just a little detail, Dad.
What was the color of his clothes?
What did he look like?
Do you remember?
Okay, then.
Dad, you can't remember?
Okay, then. It's okay.
Okay, then. It's okay. Just get some rest.
Our decision to go here is right.
Because his memories improve slowly.
- Yes.
- Okay.
There's no official statement so far
from Naya or her attorney.
Sir, excuse me.
I wanna ask something.
The murder case involving
a talented 24-year old young star...
Whoever gives an
information of her whereabout.
Naya! Girl!
Here, the clothes you're asking for.
Pay at the end of the month,
for the rental house too.
- Thank you.
- Just choose, Lola.
Okay, correct.
Peace be upon you!
You startled me.
Sorry.
I have a business with her.
Hey, you're Haji Romli's son, right?
What are you doing here?
I have an info for her.
What info?
Just talk to me privately.
Why would I talk privately to you?
Just talk here and now.
I want to talk about
what happened in Jakarta.
What happened in Jakarta?
What happened?
- That Jakarta thing?
- Yes.
But that's just how big cities are.
It's causing a stir. Right?
Right?
That often happens in big cities.
Mur...
...d...
Mr. Yatno, just take the money.
Count it again. If it's not
enough, I'll add it later.
Be careful there, or else he'll die.
- That's my friend!
- What are you talking about?
This woman!
You're like a guy!
- What are you talking about?
- Show her, Dhoy!
If you know Naya's
whereabout, please report it.
I will reward ten million rupiah
in cash for the information.
Oh, so that's the way it is?
You two want to report me to the police and
get ten millions from Thomas? Is that it?
- No.
- Yes.
So, what do you want?
Wendhoy and I are making a dangdut group.
We hope you can join us as the singer
and the guitarist...
...because we want to perform
at the Larung Pes event.
If you're joining us as our singer,
we can protect you here.
And what if I say no?
Are you going to report me to the police?
And then you get ten millions from Thomas?
Is that it?
- Amen.
- And if I say yes...
And if I say yes, I'm safe,
you're gonna protect me...
...and your band gets
a new singer. Is that it?
Ngorkes.
Yongkru.
- Orchestra!
- Enough! I don't care!
You don't care about me,
my sister, nor my dad, then!
Why would I care about your family?
Hey!
It's my only glass!
Who has only one glass in their life?
Me. You have to appreciate diversity.
Give it to me.
Listen to me.
I'd rather be put in jail
than listening to dangdut!
- Hey!
- Glass...
What music do you think
they put on in jail? Jazz music?
- La?
- Yes, Naya?
Send me the video of
Dad's witness testimony.
For what?
I'm looking for a legal counsel.
If they're going to attack me,
I'm going to strike back.
What?
We're here to cure Dad.
Not to strike back.
But we can't only rely on Dad.
Why not?
Because he's not reliable.
- Hurry up and send it to me.
- What?
So long.
Eat that!
- Lola, where are you going?
- To take a shower.
Nay, where are you going?
The murder case involving a talented
24-year old young star, Naya Wardhani...
...is still ongoing.
There's still no official statement
from Naya or her attorney.
But Naya's manager, Thomas,
has promised a reward...
What are you watching?
I want to buy 200 sticks of satay.
- Geez!
- Damn it!
Why are you startling me?
I'm not the killer. I swear, it's not me.
I'm being slandered.
I swear to God, I don't kill anyone.
Why don't you report
it to the police, then?
I am going to the
police, but I'm looking for...
...someone who understand
legal matters to accompany me.
I understand legal matters.
I have a lot of friends at the DMV...
...that usually handle
of driver licenses.
Someone else but you?
What's wrong with me?
I need someone who went to law school.
Law school?
Just because I'm only
a high school graduate?
Please understand, my
parents were just farmers.
They couldn't put me in university.
Oh, dear. That's not what I meant.
Miss, I am only a peasant.
But I help people sincerely
and wholeheartedly.
Although the person kills her own manager
and now lives in my rental house...
- ...peacefully and comfortably.
- Okay, okay.
Okay!
Okay, I'm asking for your help!
Okay, then. No problem.
I'll ask my friends who
understand legal matters.
You know someone!
You should've told me before.
Say it, then!
Careful, don't trip.
Whoa!
Hey, Tata. When will
Ria Buana perform again?
Ria Buana doesn't do
a lot of gigs currently.
You should marry someone
again so we get a job.
- Just pray for me.
- Okay. Amen.
We'll do this later. Let's just go there.
I don't have money. Later, okay?
Hey.
Ta, when will you perform again?
Ria Buana doesn't do
a lot of gigs currently.
When we get a gig again,
we'll buy something from you, okay?
Thank you.
- Mom, I want that.
- What?
- Did your teacher ask you to buy it?
- No.
You think it's easy for me to get money?
Just play with what you have at home.
- Ladies, and gentlemen.
- Shh. What are they announcing just now?
Everyone, don't forget
to come to Larung Pes.
Larung Pes! It's the
announcement for Larung Pes.
Sir, I want to have one! For my son!
Thank you! Yay! Rio!
They have Rizal Maduma, Mom.
I want to watch the performance
from the stage, like last year.
Relax, I'm going to sing there too.
When I sing, you watch
me from the stage, okay?
- Fun! Larung Pes!
- Hurray!
- Do you see this woman?
- No.
- No? Are you sure?
- Yes.
I think they're in Singalaya area.
I asked some vendors and shop owners there.
This is the photo of the shop's owner.
Crazy!
Action!
What do we have the shop owner's photo for?
Where's Naya's photo?
That's the thing.
Go on.
Our source is Bobon.
Yes.
Excellent!
Now, sensual pose. Great.
I like it.
Just accept it. The photo
has been taken anyway.
Help!
What did you do to Zul?
- Zul's dead!
- I did nothing, Thomas! I don't know!
You must've done something.
Who else was here, Lola?
- She said it wasn't her doing!
- Zul is dead!
How can she not
remember that Zul died here?
It's not my doing, Thomas.
That's the way you should be.
Showered, fragrant, and beautiful.
I talked to my attorney friend.
In Jonggol.
Is it true that he has Alzheimer?
He can be considered not credible
because his memory is impaired.
But in the video, look,
He can talk.
But he has to talk to the investigator.
Everything will be checked.
His medical, psychological,
and social conditions.
It's complicated, Yatno.
You have a point.
Where are you going?
So, what do we do?
You're not going to eat meatballs?
Sir!
La, I have to go. You and Dad
stay here until the rent is due.
I will send you money through Yatno, okay?
Where are you going?
We were going to cure Dad together here.
But he isn't credible due to his illness.
Not credible? How could you say that?
I don't have any other proof.
He's our dad. He's credible.
But I have to run away.
It'll be hard to do it with Dad.
You keep running away. You never stop.
- What's going on here?
- I don't know!
- Naya, what happened?
Why is Dad here?
Dad was dumped by his wife.
What time is it now?
You're like a ghost, coming at this time.
Just go with it, don't fight it.
Great!
What a great flute play. And it's so long!
Nay, drink this.
Wan, I want to talk to you.
Aren't you in prison yet?
Don't you want to talk to me?
Do you still want me to sing for your band?
Orchestra.
Do you really want to?
But I have one condition.
Naya.
Not asleep yet?
Aren't you running away?
I'm waiting for you to sleep first.
Seriously?
Of course not.
You're right, La.
I don't want to run anymore.
Go to sleep now!
Don't forget! Tomorrow is show time!
You're joining their band?
Orchestra.
Why?
I have a plan.
What plan?
Enough.
Just trust me.
The important thing is you focus on
taking care of Dad. Okay?
I'm going to the basement for a while.
Bye.
Okay, Princess.
The jacuzzi has been prepared for you.
La, wake up. I have to go.
What if someone recognize me when I sing?
No problem. It's only a
matter of your appearance.
Nay, dance. Let it all go.
Just go with the flow.
Move forward. Do it.
Wilted before she even blooms.
This is the money from our gig.
This is your share.
What?
I was singing hard but
I only get 34 thousand?
How much do you and Wawan get?
Each of us gets 100 thousand.
- Wait.
- "Wait"?
You should be thankful, Naya.
A lot of dangdut singers
out there who aren't...
...as lucky as you and
don't get 34 thousand.
They probably only get 32 thousand.
Only a 2 thousand difference.
Don't steal people's money.
You live in the big city for too long,
you're spoiled.
Everyone has to do what you want.
This is how we do it in Singalaya.
Rules from where? from Hong Kong?
Whatever.
Hey, Naya.
Bring this with you.
Your sister wants to borrow my guitar.
Give it to her.
Why does she want this?
Lols!
Yes?
Here, there's something for you.
- From Wendhoy.
- It's here.
What is this for?
I was...
Look.
I read a journal about Alzheimer.
It is said that aside from visual,
audio can also stimulate the memory.
Dad.
Do you remember Mom's favorite song?
I have to go.
Dad!
I have to go home.
Now.
- Dad.
- La. Oh, dear.
Dad.
Dad!
- Sir.
- Move.
Naya.
- I want to go there.
- Sorry!
Dad!
- Dad, no!
- Dad!
Dad!
Open!
Help us!
What's wrong with your dad?
What's wrong with you?
- Move!
- Don't move!
Sir!
Dad! What should we do?
Your dad is troubling us!
Sir!
- Diana!
- Help!
Who is Diana? God! Diana! Help me, Diana!
- Diana!
- Sir! Help!
Diana!
God! What sin did I do, God?
There's no God but Allah. Stop!
Stop, sir! Stop!
Diana!
Hurry, hurry!
Dad!
- Hurry!
- Wan.
Dad?
- You check on Wawan, okay?
- Okay.
- Dad?
Oh, God!
Wawan!
Wan!
Are you still alive?
I don't want to die
just yet if I'm still poor.
Please, Sir.
How much?
It's crowded here.
This is nothing.
Larung Pes will be more crowded.
Wawan!
Guess who will come here.
- Who?
- Rizal Maduma!
- Seriously?
- Yes.
- Who is that?
- This is our chance. We have to do our best!
- Yes! Let's get ready.
- Come on!
Naya, Dad and I will wait here.
You can do it!
Let's go, Dad.
Is there anything you want to buy?
It's definitely more crowded at night.
Come on, ladies and gentlemen.
Nay, we will perform
in an hour. After dusk.
Okay, in an hour, after dusk.
You're going to perform here too, Wan?
Why? Can't we compete fairly? Sit down.
Compete fairly? What are you talking about?
I was the one who bought your keyboard.
I am trying here.
What are you trying? Trying with her?
Something wrong with that?
Nothing.
But you look like a guy.
Seriously, Wan.
Why are you with someone like this?
Hey! She's a rising singer!
Unlike you, whose time is up!
Hey, don’t talk nonsense!
Stop it. Why do you have to say that?
You know my situation.
Don't make a ruckus here.
I bet you found this singer
from a prostitution app.
- Rude. What do you mean by that?
- What?
- Do you even know me?
- I surely don't.
Stop fighting! Stop!
You stop talking.
I've been patient.
Hey! Stop! Stop arguing. It's embarrassing.
Let's just leave. You're
all stinky. Let's go.
You're a guy!
You trashy peasant!
Calm down. Don't take everything to heart.
Or else you'll have liver problem
and your body will be yellow.
Stop laughing. I'm pissed.
You do look like a guy.
- Like a guy...
- See? You hit like a private.
- Do you know what a private is?
- No.
When in war, they'd be on the front.
Just see, I'll be pretty.
I don't care whether you'll be
pretty or you'll wear an army uniform.
The important thing is I will perform.
What are you talking about?
I am fuming.
We can have a boxing match on the stage.
Do you want that?
Stop it!
I want to order the 12 thousand one.
Yes.
The burnt one.
Dad?
Dad! Where are you going? Dad.
Where are you going?
We haven't eaten yet. Sit down.
Who is it?
Who is it? What's going on?
Dad?
- I don't look like a guy anymore, right?
- No.
Good evening, everyone.
Left, left.
Right, right.
Left...
Get off the stage!
Hey.
Hey!
- Hey, calm down!
- What's wrong with you?
- Dad!
- Ouch.
Naya!
Help Dad!
Hey!
Dad, get on stage.
What?
Stop!
Miss.
The generator is off.
But the mic is still on, its source is different.
Okay.
Hey.
Acoustic.
- Acoustic? Seriously.
- Acoustic. Come on.
Stop it.
My sister!
- My daughter!
- Encore, encore, encore!
Okay, then. Dad and I will go home now, okay?
- Okay.
- Bye.
Go home soon, Sis.
- Hey, La.
- Yes?
I'm going home with you.
What about Wawan and Wendhoy?
I'm gonna come to them first.
They're eating back there.
- Okay, then.
- But you wait here, okay?
- I'll be back.
- Don't take too long.
What is that?
Huh?
Rizal!
What is that?
Okay.
Put me down here.
You...
I saw your charisma on stage, it's truly...
...remarkable.
Sorry, but who are you?
I'm Rizal.
I'm a legendary dangdut producer.
Rizal!
LEGENDARY DANGDUT PRODUCER.
Nice to meet you, I'm Nay...
Aduduh (Ouch).
"Aduduh"?
Yayahh Aduduh. Because she often says that.
Yes.
BECAUSE SHE OFTEN SAYS THAT.
Fantastic.
I want you to perform at Larung Pes.
Larung Pes?
Larung Pes.
- Larung Pes.
- Larung Pes?
Excuse me, Mr. Rizal.
The schedule for Larung Pes performers
is fully booked.
No problem. Call the committee.
Tell them to cancel one performer.
Replace them with Yayahh Aduduh.
Can you do that?
- Yes, Sir.
- If you can't, just jump into the sea.
See you at Larung Pes...
...Yayahh Aduduh.
Yes, Sir.
People!
- Yes.
- Yes, Boss!
Let's go.
Rizal!
Wait.
Why is he going back there?
I don't know.
So weird.
A weird guy.
Rizal Maduma?
Why didn't you call me, Nay?
Should I have done that?
This is my orchestra.
Larung Pes is my dream.
Well, what should I have done?
It's me, Yayahh Aduduh, who Rizal likes.
What kind of name is that?
Does this group even have a name?
What if we name it Wawan and Friends?
Shut up. We're being serious here.
Enough of this.
You should be thankful.
We got invited by Rizal because of me.
Because of Yayahh Aduduh.
Enough.
You traitor!
Hey, Wan.
What about Wawan and Partner?
Keep talking.
Wawan and Bestie.
I'll slash you.
I'd topple, then.
Why can't you stop talking?
Eat some noodles, then. Come on.
It's either talking to Dajjal or Satan.
I'm hurt by that traitor.
But you're in it.
You also have to understand.
What's going on?
Ria Buana can't perform at Larung Pes.
Ask him. You tyrant!
The descendant of Firaun.
How could you?
I told my son I would perform at Larung.
He's counting on that.
Ta, it wasn't me.
There are a lot of performers already.
And Rizal wants a new singer.
A fresher one.
So he chose one.
Yayahh Aduduh.
Mr. Thomas?
That's me.
I have an info on Naya.
Who is this?
Will you still reward me 10 million?
I will, as long as you're being truthful.
Just trust me.
I will keep in touch.
Okay?
Oh, God! Don't startle me.
You're like an owl.
You're only standing there and don't
make a sound in the middle of the night.
So, that's the way you do this?
What do I do?
Your singer overtakes
Ria Buana in Larung Pes.
That's not what we're trying to do.
Just blame Rizal Maduma. Don't blame me.
Where is this old guy going?
You may think I don't care about you, Wan.
But when your mom died,
you were my most beloved kid.
Don't say things like that.
Don't touch me!
What's wrong?
I'm disgusted!
I have only one wish.
What?
You have to be great.
Don't embarrass me and your mom.
I promise you!
I'll make you proud!
Too late, idiot!
I've been proud of you!
Since you were born.
Even though you never shower.
Don't you ever realize
that your armpits stink like a burnt cable?
Dad?
Where are you going,
dressed up that nicely?
Your mom has been waiting too long.
We have to go home today.
- Dad.
- Let's go.
- Let's go. I'm serious.
- Dad...
You're right. We've been here too long.
Okay, then. Tidy your
clothes. They're so messy.
Or else it'll take us longer to go home.
I'll find Naya.
- Naya!
- Don't take too long!
Okay, Dad!
Naya is here!
Okay!
Naya!
Naya.
Inside there.
Follow my instruction.
Grab the person when I say so.
Don't hesitate.
Move.
You all coming along, right?
Let's get the person.
Okay?
Do you think I'm stupid?
Do you think I'm an idiot and know nothing?
You killed Zul, didn't
you? Just admit it, Thomas.
- Say something. Admit it!
- Naya!
Run! The police is here! Police!
Freeze!
Sir, forgive her. My sister
did nothing wrong. I swear.
- Thomas lied. Forgive her.
- Lola!
Stop.
I told you I had a plan.
This is the plan.
You shouldn't interfere
if you don't know anything.
They're only politrons.
Soap Opera Police.
They usually act as the
police in soap operas.
What is this?
Come here, let me tell you.
We're making a fake scenario here.
They're going to arrest Thomas.
And then we're going to force
Thomas to admit his actions.
What are you saying?
That's the plan. That's what
we've been planning all along, Lola.
I have one condition.
She joins my dangdut group
and I help her frame Thomas.
Who is this?
Will you still reward me?
I called him to come.
Are you sure Thomas is the killer?
I am. I have Dad's eyewitness testimony.
They will act as if they got the recording.
But the recording isn't complete yet.
Dad doesn't know who did it.
Does Thomas know that?
- When will you do this?
- Tomorrow.
- Tomorrow?
- Before Larung Pes.
What if you fail?
Wan, what if you fail?
Relax, I'll help with my prayers.
What are you doing?
Why is this komodo in here?
I want to turn on the light, it's dark.
Get in!
Naya.
- Dad! I locked Dad in the room!
- What?
I forgot!
You talk to Dad. I don't know what else...
- La?
- Dad?
He broke through this door.
- Dad!
- Dad?
Gosh!
Sir.
Sir, did you see my dad?
He just asked me where the terminal is.
But it's far.
Idiot.
It's nearer if you cut through the pier.
I drew him the map.
- He went over there.
- Sir!
Why did you help him?
- He's an elder. I need to help him.
- Find him!
Dad!
- Dad!
Girls, where are you going?
Just like a crazy-girls in afternoon.
Where are you going in a hurry?
We're looking for Dad.
I see...
I understand, girls your age
need a fatherly figure.
I know a widower. Want to meet him?
I'm not in the mood for
jokes. Just answer this.
If I want to go to the terminal
through the pier shortcut, is it far?
It is far, if you go
through this small alley.
If you want to be fast,
go through the big street. By car.
Oh, no!
We have to go back and get the car, then.
Hey...
I have a car, you know.
Don't underestimate me.
Although I'm a commoner, I have a car.
Walking would be faster.
And less embarrassing.
What do you say?
It's nice to ride my car, isn't it?
Can you go a little faster? Just a little.
I can't, the road is bad.
You don't want us to fall
out and hurt ourselves.
- Dad!
Sir, turn!
- Slowly! Don't panic!
- Dad!
- Don't scream by my ear!
Calm down!
Hang on!
Dad!
- Dad!
Where have you been?
We've been looking for you.
Diana?
Diana.
Dad.
I'm not Mom.
I'm Naya.
Dad.
Your mom was here!
- Gosh, where's Diana?
- Okay, then.
- Dad.
- Dad, let's go home.
- Let's go home, with me and Naya. Okay?
- Yes.
With me and Naya.
I have to go home now!
Dad!
- Dad!
- I have to go home!
Sir.
Dad!
- Dad!
- Diana!
- Dad, where are you going?
- Dad!
- Dad, please don't!
- Diana!
Dad!
- Dad!
Dad, let's go home.
- No!
- Let's go home with me and Naya.
- No.
- Dad.
- Dad, listen...
Dad!
Dad, let's go home.
Mom's dead!
Naya!
Mom died three years ago!
I'm tired of telling you this.
Here.
Dad.
- Dad.
- No...
Diana.
We should've told him
from the start. I told you.
I told you this from the start!
Enough, Naya!
I'm also tired, you know!
Enough!
We've been like this for three years!
And now Dad comes
and be like this. Stop it!
Naya, stop it!
So, stop leaving.
- Where else are you going to go?
- Stop this!
Where else are you going to look for Mom?
- Stop this.
- Diana.
Stop this.
Stop what?
I'm sick of this, you know.
We should've told him from the start.
Dad should know.
Mom died three years ago, Lola.
He has to know.
I'm exhausted.
I'm exhausted, Lola.
- We're doing this, Wan.
- We are!
- I didn't expect this.
- You're only saying that.
Get them up here.
Get up here. Don't be lazy.
Slowly.
Yes? Hello. Thomas?
So, all set up?
I don't work out often.
Don't tell me to sit up.
Set up, idiot!
I mean, have you set
up everything with Naya?
Oh, that. I have.
You just wait.
As per our initial deal, okay?
Don't forget about the 10 million.
One day...
...your dad will come home.
And he will apologize to us.
And will you forgive him?
I have forgiven him.
Whatever you say, Mom.
You have to apologize to your dad one day.
What did I do wrong?
Your deep hatred toward him.
Does Dad know that I hate him?
God knows.
Nay?
The committee said we perform after dusk.
That's in two hours.
Thomas is waiting too.
Naya.
Dad's condition is getting worse.
It's been like this since last night.
He doesn't want to eat.
Dad.
Let's go to the doctor.
Who are you?
He's been like this since he woke up.
I don't want to be here.
Nay.
Let's go.
La...
...you have to come.
As soon as I finish all this...
...we're going to the doctor.
I'm leaving for now, Dad.
I'm leaving.
Naya.
If this thing with Thomas fails...
...you'll be okay, right?
Let's go.
Get ready.
Larung Pes, Nay. Larung Pes!
Wawan. Naya.
Yatno, are the politrons ready?
They're ready. But the guys the
other day were called for shooting.
But all good, I've prepared
their replacements.
As long as they understand what to do.
Yes, Sir.
Your pants are nice. Go get ready.
How fierce these keyboard singers are.
They must be Perbaungan's keyboard.
Check mic.
- It looks great.
- Of course, it's Larung Pes.
- Are you happy?
- This is my dream, Nay.
This is my dream.
- Miss Yayahh Aduduh?
- Yes.
- Hello.
- Wawan.
Wawan. Hello, welcome to Larung Pes.
I can't wait to see Miss
Yayahh to dance with us.
But you're going to change first, right?
- Just go straight in.
- It's okay?
- Thanks.
Hello.
Bee One.
Ready for instruction. Roger.
What are you talking about, Yatno?
Just go in.
He's inside.
Permission to get closer.
We're going to go in. Okay?
Over there...
Which unit are you from?
SOAP OPERA POLICE VERSUS REAL POLICE.
Mr. Thomas.
I'm Wawan.
Where's Naya?
Come with me.
Nay.
Your friend's here.
I'll wait for you outside.
Naya, are you okay?
Why did you run?
You know I didn't kill Zul, right?
Okay, honestly, I don't know.
Let's just leave it to the police.
I don't want to do that!
I feel like I'm being framed!
I've prepared an attorney. One of the best.
I only need one thing from you.
Sign the letter of authorization
to access all of Zul's bank accounts.
All of our money is in there.
You mean my money?
Most of it, yes.
But we need that money.
To pay for the attorney, for...
I mean, look at this.
You want to keep doing this?
Wan...
Yatno!
Why did it take you so long?
Are they the new politrons?
Don't point your finger at us, be polite!
Hey, if I haven't given you the dialogue,
don't talk. You're only an extra.
Do you dare?
Do you think people are
scared of this fake gun?
Why are you scaring me with this fake gun?
And this woman. Who asked
for a female police officer? I didn't.
And she looks like a guy too.
Is this real hair?
Oh, real woman.
RECORDING...
Hey, wait a minute.
I want to ask you a question.
Okay.
What?
What did you put in my drink?
Because after I had drank that...
...I passed out.
And when I woke up, Zul had been dead.
Can you explain that to me?
Don't be mad at me, Nay.
This is all Thomas' idea.
Honestly, I'm fed up with Thomas.
You should arrange the meeting
with Mr. Indra immediately.
Mr. Indra is a greater
producer than Thomas.
You're not suited to be Naya's manager.
You're the one who
isn't suited. You never...
Sorry about earlier.
I was just trying to do my best.
Drink this.
- Answer me!
- I didn't put anything.
- Tell me what you put in there!
- I didn't put anything, Nay!
- You're still lying?
- Stop it. Let's go.
- I don't want to!
- Stop it. Let's...
Human rights violation!
Right on time.
Mister Police, Madam Police...
Naya has agreed to go back to Jakarta.
No! It wasn't me who killed Zul.
- Nay.
- I swear.
- Let them prove that.
- It wasn't me. What are you talking about?
- Nay.
- It wasn't Naya who killed Zul.
See?
Naya was the only one in the room.
That's right.
But you were well asleep
when it happened, right?
I was, that's right.
How do you know?
The event was sponsored
by a mineral water brand...
...Aquadius.
But when we checked the crime scene...
...there was a bottle of a different brand.
Holi Wota.
This brand is usually sold in one of
West Jakarta's clubs, The Arena Club.
This Arena Club is also a place
that sells different kinds of drugs.
He often goes there. You go there often.
- I know you!
- Stop making slander.
What does that bottle
have to do with this case?
We saw the liquid inside a bit murky.
So we brought the bottle to the lab
to check the content.
And the result was as we expected.
The water inside the bottle
had a high dose of sedative.
Here's the thing, Naya.
Drug users consume the drug directly.
They don't crush the
drug and mix it with water.
Unless they want to drug
someone else not in the know.
My commander is amazing.
Our lab also found another thing.
A fingerprint.
Yours.
So, it's enough evidence
to ask for a search warrant.
And we did search your house earlier today.
Our team found a knife
still covered in Zul's blood.
See?
Stop!
Naya!
What are you doing?
Let me go!
Ma'am, I don't want to die.
Help me.
Wan, help me.
Don't you see I'm being held?
Can't you do anything?
I'm praying for you right now.
- Don't play around!
- Praying is not playing around.
Can you shut your mouth?
Quick.
Make way. Help us, Sir.
Slowly.
Naya. We'll be waiting for you in Jakarta
to conclude the investigation report.
Yes, Ma'am.
Go.
- Escort them.
- Sir. Sorry.
He is my politron.
Just go away!
If you mess around with fake
police once again, I'll arrest you.
Yes, Sir.
Yes, Ma'am.
- You're spitting on me.
- Let's go, Zaki.
Bye, Sir.
Let's go in. We have to perform.
Who doesn't know this person?
A living legend of the
national dangdut music scene.
I present you...
...Rizal Maduma from Senandung Citayam!
Rizal!
Not yet.
Hey!
So eager.
- We can't wait anymore.
- So eager.
As per my tradition
since a long time ago...
...I will introduce a new talent
in the dangdut music scene.
After Iis Maduma!
Ipeh Ratu Bucin.
Uti Goyangintil.
Now, get ready...
...for a future star.
Whi is that?
Yayahh!
- Yayahh.
- Miss, stop.
Sir, you can go. I'll catch up.
- Okay, I'll leave first.
- Okay.
- Rio, wait here for a while, okay?
- What?
Yah...
I want to have a quick chat with you.
You want to argue with me again?
About that, I'm sorry.
Okay, I forgive you.
Thanks, Yah.
And I want to ask for your help.
Just one thing.
Rio, come here.
Yah...
...please bring my son on stage.
What?
I promised him...
...that I would bring him with me on stage.
But because I'm not going to perform...
...I can't keep my promise.
I'm not a great parent.
Far from it.
That's why I'm asking for your help.
Please bring him on stage with you, Yah...
...so he won't be disappointed at me.
He really wants to watch the performance
from the stage.
Help me.
Let's call...
...Yayahh Aduduh!
Yayah!
Good evening, Larung Pes.
Let me hear it, Larung Pes!
Really like the spirit.
Guys...
Come sing with me!
Don't step on the cable.
Who wants a surprise?
Give it up for Tata Ria Buana!
Tata!
Rio!
Music!
I'm performing at Larung Pes!
Come here!
Let's go home to Jakarta.
Dad doesn't recognize us anymore.
Yes.
I want to apologize to him.
I can't, can I?
It's okay. Let's just go home.
Naya.
I have an idea.
Thank you!
Thank you, Yayah!
Congrats'!
You can do it.
Dad?
Dad, do you remember me?
Yes.
Lauralei.
My beautiful youngest daughter.
Hold this.
Dad. It's Naya here.
Dad. I'm Naya. Do you remember me?
Naya.
Yes.
Naya!
Dad, I'm sorry.
I love you.
SIX MONTHS LATER
Nurse, where are you taking me?
Do you forget?
Every Saturday,
there's a musical performance at the park.
Yes.
What's the name of the singer?
Nayara...
...Amalia...
...Wardhani.
Naya.
Such a beautiful name.
Be patient, Wan. Five more minutes.
We have a lot of stuff here.
Where's your curly-haired friend
who often helps us carrying our stuff?
My friend? He's your friend!
You're kidding.
So, whose friend is that? Yours?
What?
I don't know.
He's not your friends?
So, who is he?
Wait, who am I?